201-ospatching-extension-on-ubuntu/README.md, before:

# Simple deployment of an Ubuntu VM with OS Patching extension

<a href="https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure%2Fazurestack-quickstart-templates%2Fdevelop%2F201-ospatching-extension-on-ubuntu%2Fazuredeploy.json" target="_blank">
    <img src="http://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png"/>
</a>
<a href="http://armviz.io/#/?load=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure%2Fazurestack-quickstart-templates%2Fdevelop%2F201-ospatching-extension-on-ubuntu%2Fazuredeploy.json" target="_blank">
    <img src="http://armviz.io/visualizebutton.png"/>
</a>

Linux [OSPatching extension](https://github.com/Azure/azure-linux-extensions/tree/master/OSPatching) enables the Azure and Azure stack VM administrators to automate the VM OS updates with the customized configurations.

This template shows a simple example to deploy OSPatching Extension on an Linux VM.

`Tags: [Linux, Azurestack, Azure]`

| Endpoint        | Version           | Validated  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| Microsoft Azure Stack      | TP2      |  yes|
| Microsoft Azure      |       |  yes|

## Prerequisites for Azure Stack

Follow the below links to create a Linux Image and upload the same to Azure Stack's Platform Image Repository
1. https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/azure-stack-linux/ 
2. https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/azure-stack-add-image-pir/

## Deployment Steps 

Azure CLI or Powershell is recommended to deploy the template. And Portal cannot ignore the optional parameters.

1. Using Azure CLI

  https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/xplat-cli-azure-resource-manager/
 
2. Deploy through portal using custom deployment.

3. Deploy through Visual Studio using azuredeploy.json and azuredeploy.parameters.json. 

4. Using Powershell (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/powershell-azure-resource-manager/)
``` PowerShell
## Configure the environment with the Add-AzureRmEnvironment cmdlt
$endptOut = Invoke-RestMethod "$("https://api.$env:USERDNSDOMAIN".ToLowerInvariant())/metadata/endpoints?api-version=1.0"
$envName = "AzureStackCloud"
Add-AzureRmEnvironment -Name ($envName) `
	                -ActiveDirectoryEndpoint ($ActiveDirectoryEndpoint = $($endptOut.authentication.loginEndpoint) + $($endptOut.authentication.audiences[0]).Split("/")[-1] + "/") `
	                -ActiveDirectoryServiceEndpointResourceId ($ActiveDirectoryServiceEndpointResourceId = $($endptOut.authentication.audiences[0])) `
	                -ResourceManagerEndpoint ($ResourceManagerEndpoint = $("https://api.$env:USERDNSDOMAIN".ToLowerInvariant())) `
	                -GalleryEndpoint ($GalleryEndpoint = $endptOut.galleryEndpoint) `
	                -GraphEndpoint ($GraphEndpoint = $endptOut.graphEndpoint) `
	               -StorageEndpointSuffix ($StorageEndpointSuffix="$($env:USERDNSDOMAIN)".ToLowerInvariant()) `
	               -AzureKeyVaultDnsSuffix ($AzureKeyVaultDnsSuffix="vault.$($env:USERDNSDOMAIN)".ToLowerInvariant()) 
## Authenticate a user to the environment 
    $AADUserName = "Enter_AADUserName"
	$AADUserPassword="Enter_AADUserPassword"
	$aadCredential = New-Object System.Management.Automation.PSCredential($AADUserName, (ConvertTo-SecureString -String $AADUserPassword -AsPlainText -Force))
    $privateEnv = Get-AzureRmEnvironment $envName -Credential $aadCredential
    $privateAzure = Add-AzureRmAccount -Environment $privateEnv -Credential $aadCredential -Verbose
    Select-AzureRmProfile -Profile $privateAzure

## Select an existing subscription where the deployment will take place
    Get-AzureRmSubscription -SubscriptionName "SUBSCRIPTION_NAME"  | Select-AzureRmSubscription


# Set Deployment Variables
$myNum = "001" #Modify this per deployment
$RGName = "myRG$myNum"
$myLocation = "local"

$templateFile= "azuredeploy.json"
$templateParameterFile= "azuredeploy.parameters.json"

# Create Resource Group for Template Deployment
New-AzureRmResourceGroup -Name $RGName -Location $myLocation

# Deploy Template 
New-AzureRmResourceGroupDeployment `
    -ResourceGroupName $RGName `
    -TemplateFile $templateFile `
	-TemplateParameterFile $templateParameterFile
```

Commit message:

remove 15.10 ubuntu version and inbound rule1 across all linux templates (#138)
* remove 15.10 ubuntu version and inbound rule1 across all linux templates

* reverting the RDP rule removal

201-ospatching-extension-on-ubuntu/README.md, after:

# Simple deployment of an Ubuntu VM with OS Patching extension

<a href="https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure%2Fazurestack-quickstart-templates%2Fdevelop%2F201-ospatching-extension-on-ubuntu%2Fazuredeploy.json" target="_blank">
    <img src="http://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png"/>
</a>
<a href="http://armviz.io/#/?load=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure%2Fazurestack-quickstart-templates%2Fdevelop%2F201-ospatching-extension-on-ubuntu%2Fazuredeploy.json" target="_blank">
    <img src="http://armviz.io/visualizebutton.png"/>
</a>

Linux [OSPatching extension](https://github.com/Azure/azure-linux-extensions/tree/master/OSPatching) enables the Azure and Azure stack VM administrators to automate the VM OS updates with the customized configurations.

This template shows a simple example to deploy OSPatching Extension on an Linux VM.

`Tags: [Linux, Azurestack, Azure]`

| Endpoint        | Version           | Validated  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| Microsoft Azure Stack      | TP2      |  yes|
| Microsoft Azure      |       |  yes|

## Prerequisites for Azure Stack

Follow the below links to create/download an Ubuntu 14.04 LTS Image and upload the same to Azure Stack's Platform Image Repository
1. https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/azure-stack-linux/ 
2. https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/azure-stack-add-image-pir/
Note: please use the default values for linuxPublisher,linuxOffer,linuxSku,linuxVersion found in azuredeploy.json while creating the manifest.json in PIR

## Deployment Steps 

Azure CLI or Powershell is recommended to deploy the template. And Portal cannot ignore the optional parameters.

1. Using Azure CLI

  https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/xplat-cli-azure-resource-manager/
 
2. Deploy through portal using custom deployment.

3. Deploy through Visual Studio using azuredeploy.json and azuredeploy.parameters.json. 

4. Using Powershell (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/powershell-azure-resource-manager/)
``` PowerShell
## Configure the environment with the Add-AzureRmEnvironment cmdlt
$endptOut = Invoke-RestMethod "$("https://api.$env:USERDNSDOMAIN".ToLowerInvariant())/metadata/endpoints?api-version=1.0"
$envName = "AzureStackCloud"
Add-AzureRmEnvironment -Name ($envName) `
	                -ActiveDirectoryEndpoint ($ActiveDirectoryEndpoint = $($endptOut.authentication.loginEndpoint) + $($endptOut.authentication.audiences[0]).Split("/")[-1] + "/") `
	                -ActiveDirectoryServiceEndpointResourceId ($ActiveDirectoryServiceEndpointResourceId = $($endptOut.authentication.audiences[0])) `
	                -ResourceManagerEndpoint ($ResourceManagerEndpoint = $("https://api.$env:USERDNSDOMAIN".ToLowerInvariant())) `
	                -GalleryEndpoint ($GalleryEndpoint = $endptOut.galleryEndpoint) `
	                -GraphEndpoint ($GraphEndpoint = $endptOut.graphEndpoint) `
	               -StorageEndpointSuffix ($StorageEndpointSuffix="$($env:USERDNSDOMAIN)".ToLowerInvariant()) `
	               -AzureKeyVaultDnsSuffix ($AzureKeyVaultDnsSuffix="vault.$($env:USERDNSDOMAIN)".ToLowerInvariant()) 
## Authenticate a user to the environment 
    $AADUserName = "Enter_AADUserName"
	$AADUserPassword="Enter_AADUserPassword"
	$aadCredential = New-Object System.Management.Automation.PSCredential($AADUserName, (ConvertTo-SecureString -String $AADUserPassword -AsPlainText -Force))
    $privateEnv = Get-AzureRmEnvironment $envName -Credential $aadCredential
    $privateAzure = Add-AzureRmAccount -Environment $privateEnv -Credential $aadCredential -Verbose
    Select-AzureRmProfile -Profile $privateAzure

## Select an existing subscription where the deployment will take place
    Get-AzureRmSubscription -SubscriptionName "SUBSCRIPTION_NAME"  | Select-AzureRmSubscription


# Set Deployment Variables
$myNum = "001" #Modify this per deployment
$RGName = "myRG$myNum"
$myLocation = "local"

$templateFile= "azuredeploy.json"
$templateParameterFile= "azuredeploy.parameters.json"

# Create Resource Group for Template Deployment
New-AzureRmResourceGroup -Name $RGName -Location $myLocation

# Deploy Template 
New-AzureRmResourceGroupDeployment `
    -ResourceGroupName $RGName `
    -TemplateFile $templateFile `
	-TemplateParameterFile $templateParameterFile
```
