201-Complex-Linux-vm/README.md, before:

# [IaaS Linux VM Comprehensive Resources]

<a href="https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure%2Fazurestack-quickstart-templates%2Fmaster%2F201-complex-linux-vm%2Fazuredeploy.json" target="_blank">
    <img src="http://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png"/>
</a>
<a href="http://armviz.io/#/?load=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/azurestack-quickstart-templates/master/201-complex-linux-vm/azuredeploy.json" target="_blank">
  <img src="http://armviz.io/visualizebutton.png"/>
</a>
This template deploys a Linux VM and also uses customscript, VMLinuxAccess and Docker Extensions

`Tags: [Tag1, Tag2, Tag3]`

| Endpoint        | Version           | Validated  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| Microsoft Azure      | - | no |
| Microsoft Azure Stack      | TP1      |  yes|

## Prerequisites

In case of AzureStack , Make sure Linux VHD is in Platform Image Repository(TODO: Instructions will be added to download the VHD and copy to AzureStack share) and Microsoft.Azure.Extensions.DockerExtension_1.0.zip in GuestArtifactRepository

## Deployment steps
You can either click the "deploy to Azure" button at the beginning of this document or deploy the solution from PowerShell with the following PowerShell script or deploy to azure stack portal using custom deployment.

``` PowerShell
## Specify your AzureAD Tenant in a variable. 
# If you know the prefix of your <prefix>.onmicrosoft.com AzureAD account use option 1)
# If you do not know the prefix of your <prefix>.onmicrosoft.com AzureAD account use option 2)

# Option 1) If you know the prefix of your <prefix>.onmicrosoft.com AzureAD namespace.
# You need to set that in the $AadTenantId varibale (e.g. contoso.onmicrosoft.com).
    $AadTenantId = "contoso"

# Option 2) If you don't know the prefix of your AzureAD namespace, run the following cmdlets. 
# Validate with the Azure AD credentials you also use to sign in as a tenant to Microsoft Azure Stack Technical Preview.
    $AadTenant = Login-AzureRmAccount
    $AadTenantId = $AadTenant.Context.Tenant.TenantId

## Configure the environment with the Add-AzureRmEnvironment cmdlt
    Add-AzureRmEnvironment -Name 'Azure Stack' `
        -ActiveDirectoryEndpoint ("https://login.windows.net/$AadTenantId/") `
        -ActiveDirectoryServiceEndpointResourceId "https://azurestack.local-api/"`
        -ResourceManagerEndpoint ("https://api.azurestack.local/") `
        -GalleryEndpoint ("https://gallery.azurestack.local/") `
        -GraphEndpoint "https://graph.windows.net/"

## Authenticate a user to the environment (you will be prompted during authentication)
    $privateEnv = Get-AzureRmEnvironment 'Azure Stack'
    $privateAzure = Add-AzureRmAccount -Environment $privateEnv -Verbose
    Select-AzureRmProfile -Profile $privateAzure

## Select an existing subscription where the deployment will take place
    Get-AzureRmSubscription -SubscriptionName "SUBSCRIPTION_NAME"  | Select-AzureRmSubscription

# Set Deployment Variables
$myNum = "001" #Modify this per deployment
$RGName = "myRG$myNum"
$myLocation = "local"
$myBlobStorageEndpoint = "blob.azurestack.local"

# Create Resource Group for Template Deployment
New-AzureRmResourceGroup -Name $RGName -Location $myLocation

# Deploy Template 
New-AzureRmResourceGroupDeployment `
    -Name "myDeployment$myNum" `
    -ResourceGroupName $RGName `
    -TemplateFile "azuredeploy.json" `
    -blobStorageEndpoint $myBlobStorageEndpoint `
    -adminUsername "admin" `
    -adminPassword ("GEN-PASSWORD" | ConvertTo-SecureString -AsPlainText -Force)`
    -ubuntuOSVersion "15.10" `
```

Commit message:

Complex Linux VM -Fixing parameters and json naming convention

201-Complex-Linux-vm/README.md, after:

# [IaaS Linux VM Comprehensive Resources]

This template deploys a Linux VM and also uses customscript, VMLinuxAccess and Docker Extensions

## Prerequisites

Follow the below links to create an Ubuntu Image and upload the same to Azure Stack's Platform Image Repository
1. https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/virtual-machines-linux-create-upload-ubuntu/ 
2. https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/azure-stack-add-image-pir/

## Deployment steps
Deploy the solution from PowerShell with the following PowerShell script or deploy to azure stack portal using custom deployment.

``` PowerShell
## Specify your AzureAD Tenant in a variable. 
# If you know the prefix of your <prefix>.onmicrosoft.com AzureAD account use option 1)
# If you do not know the prefix of your <prefix>.onmicrosoft.com AzureAD account use option 2)

# Option 1) If you know the prefix of your <prefix>.onmicrosoft.com AzureAD namespace.
# You need to set that in the $AadTenantId varibale (e.g. contoso.onmicrosoft.com).
    $AadTenantId = "contoso"

# Option 2) If you don't know the prefix of your AzureAD namespace, run the following cmdlets. 
# Validate with the Azure AD credentials you also use to sign in as a tenant to Microsoft Azure Stack Technical Preview.
    $AadTenant = Login-AzureRmAccount
    $AadTenantId = $AadTenant.Context.Tenant.TenantId

## Configure the environment with the Add-AzureRmEnvironment cmdlt
    Add-AzureRmEnvironment -Name 'Azure Stack' `
        -ActiveDirectoryEndpoint ("https://login.windows.net/$AadTenantId/") `
        -ActiveDirectoryServiceEndpointResourceId "https://azurestack.local-api/"`
        -ResourceManagerEndpoint ("https://api.azurestack.local/") `
        -GalleryEndpoint ("https://gallery.azurestack.local/") `
        -GraphEndpoint "https://graph.windows.net/"

## Authenticate a user to the environment (you will be prompted during authentication)
    $privateEnv = Get-AzureRmEnvironment 'Azure Stack'
    $privateAzure = Add-AzureRmAccount -Environment $privateEnv -Verbose
    Select-AzureRmProfile -Profile $privateAzure

## Select an existing subscription where the deployment will take place
    Get-AzureRmSubscription -SubscriptionName "SUBSCRIPTION_NAME"  | Select-AzureRmSubscription

# Set Deployment Variables
$myNum = "001" #Modify this per deployment
$RGName = "myRG$myNum"
$myLocation = "local"

# Create Resource Group for Template Deployment
New-AzureRmResourceGroup -Name $RGName -Location $myLocation

# Deploy Template 
New-AzureRmResourceGroupDeployment `
    -Name "myDeployment$myNum" `
    -ResourceGroupName $RGName `
    -TemplateFile "azuredeploy.json" `
    -adminUsername "admin" `
    -adminPassword ("GEN-PASSWORD" | ConvertTo-SecureString -AsPlainText -Force)`
    -ubuntuOSVersion "15.10" `
```
